Link: https://codepen.io/DSwaltz/pen/pogLVEL?editors=1000

Questions:


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that gives meaning to content

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    structuring or "marking up" webpages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is part of an html tag, it goes inside the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is used to designate the most important item on a page. once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    things we want the browser to know, but that the user need not see

    7. What is an id? 
    an id is unique attribute for an html element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is an html attribute used to link certain elements to a style sheet


    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you would like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    screen readers, XKCD

    15. How do I reference an id?
    hashtag

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is a semantic element, div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling websites

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
        ...
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is a unique identifier, class can be used for several elements

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .[class name]

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{
        ...
    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
   e.g. :first of type or >, this could be useful for selecting all the subheadings of a webpage

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.sidebar{
        ...
    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    special state, like hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div.dotted {border-style: dotted}


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* [comment] */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, once it's gone, it's gone

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    you can go back to different versions without having to worry about "save as"

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    frequently. always after a major element is implemented.


    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    *git push -u origin branch-name**


    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1) fork repo
    2) clone repo to local machine
    3) make changes
    4) commit changes
    5) push new version to git!
    6) share TL


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements always start on a new line. Inline elements do not.
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 